Update to support the delete-file source option (#1177)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/ingest-data-managed-identity.md

1. Select **Access Control** and then select **+ Add** > **Add Role Assignment**.

> 1. Grant the managed Identity **Storage Blob Data Reader** permissions to the storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Grant the managed Identity **Storage Blob Data Reader**, or **DeleteSourceOnSuccess** if you intend to use the **DeleteSourceOnSuccess** source option, permissions to the storage account.
```

> 1. If you wish to use the **DeleteSourceOnSuccess** source option, grant the managed identity **Storage Blob Data Contributor** permission instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> If you intend on using the **DeleteSourceOnSuccess** source option, grant the managed identity **Storage Blob Data Contributor** permission instead.
```
